cs get_started
cs payment_modes


disabled consultant page
error & info page
pagination in notification/whiteboard
complete excel sheets
flow diagrams
changed normal analyst report page
changed analyst report page
changed analyst homepage
changed cs pins page
changed analyst consultant page
new edit location page
style.css


error / info msgs:
validation errors
info msg page
password not long enough
password must include a this & a that
email exists with a consultant / analyst, when editing profile & adding consultant
this id is already registered, use login form to enter
cannot cancel the report, cs have downloaded the analysis report file
cannot remove the analysis report file, cs have already downloaded it
cannot cancel the report, an have downloaded the fingerprints
can't download prints, report is cancelled by cs
can't download prints, report is cancelled by an
can't download analysis report file, report is cancelled by an
you have just assigned cs 10 PINs, are you sure you want to assign him more pins
cs have cancelled the pins request, still assign him 20 pins
this cs is also a franchise of this location. sure disable the account
location code already exists for Banglore location
request is already pending. FF must respond before you can send any more requests.



there are just two things to check on every action class:
1. who is requesting the class. (logged in, super_admin, franchise, etc). 
Errors would be like you are not authorized or redirecting to other pages.

2. if its the right person, i.e. he has the right to access that class or page then,
check the possible states (statuses) of the object in that class or page for all possible action.
Errors would be like, this action can't be performed on this object as this has happend & stuff



explain all the fields of the database in an excel sheet:
what type of data, nullable or not & when, example values, all possible values (if would have a fixed set of values)

changes in db:
request_id is int
set default values for fields
an auto generated field in consultant & appending with location to form cs_id